Since I became a civilian, I think I travel a lot more than I did in the
Navy. With the Navy, you actually get stationed all over the country.
Now that I'm civilian, I pretty much stay in California, that's
my hometown but I have the opportunity to travel a lot more. So, I
take flights to New York, just, if I feel like it. I take drives to
Las Vegas, because it's kind of close to Los Angeles and I also still
get to travel a lot because of the US Navy Reserve. So, in the US
Navy Reserve, they send you to the four corners of America. We go to
New Hampshire, to  Virginia, also to Washington and San Diego. So,
pretty much every year, they actually send me there. They give you a
free car and a free hotel, so it's kind of like, a little mini travel.
Work isn't that difficult, so I use that as a way to get out. I
was also stationed in Hawaii last year and that was really fun.